README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Nourished Kings</h1>

<h2 align="center"><em>Bringing Nutrition to King County</em></h2>

<p align="center">Group 1: The Breakfast Club</p>

<h2>Our Mission</h2>

Our goal is to create an application that will guide food banks to use commonly found foods to create nutritional meals for low income individuals in King County.

This solution works specifically to address the United Nations 2nd Sustainable Development Goal: Zero Hunger. In 2020, more than 30% of the world’s population were either moderately or severely suffering from food insecurity (United Nations). With the COVID-19 pandemic, the rates of people undergoing hunger have been rising, but especially for children (United Nations). 

Throughout the first ten months of 2022, the number of King County families visiting food pantries and receiving assistance from Washington state’s Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) increased (King County). This trend suggests a rise in individuals from King County suffering from food insecurity. 

## Features
* Catalog of common products at food banks in King County categorized by macronutrients
* Dietary preference filters that can be applied to the catalog
* Micronutrient filters to sort foods and meals
* Nutrition facts and ingredient lists for meals
* Multi-media information sharing about food health and well-being


# GitHub Pages
The published site can be viewed here: https://uw-info442-sp23.github.io/breakfast-club/

## Group Members
* Aman Brar
* Travon Dao
* Cheryl Feng
* Yawen (Jenny) Guo
* Kenny Pham

# User Persona:
The two user personas we used when designing our product can be found [here](https://github.com/UW-INFO442-SP23/breakfast-club/blob/main/NourishedKingsPersonas.pdf).

# Development Instructions
## Testing Protocols
|  | Feature 1: Food List Filtering | Feature 2: Interactive Meal Cards |
|--|--|--|
| Requirement Specification | Three catalog sections are provided to filter food in the list. One section is the macronutrient categories including carbohydrates, protein, and fat. Another one is the dietary categories, including dairy-free, gluten-free, vegan, and vegetarian. The third one is food categories, including Produce, Grains, Eggs & Dairy, Meat, and Canned. None, one, more than one, all categories are allowed to select. Categories are allowed to select across sections. The food list will display the food cards reflecting the selected categories immediately. | Each meal card has a button “See Details” that can be clicked on to expand the popup. This expanded pop-up card would show the nutrition facts for the meal and a list of the ingredients used in the meal. Users should be able to retract the pop-up card by clicking an ‘X’ in the top left corner. |
| Testing Cases | No category is selected, One category in either section is selected, More than one category within one section is selected, More than one category across sections is selecte, All categories are selected | Locate certain meal cards without clicking it, Locate and click certain meal cards to view the information, Click “X” on an expanded meal card to retract |
| Expected Results | Able to filter foods and find the item they are looking for without difficulty | Can learn more about the meal/food items’ nutritional value without needing to be prompted |
| Expected Deficiency | The catalog page may take some time to load. The filtered result may take some time to generate.| N/A |
| Unexpected Results | They can’t find the items they are looking for or experience difficulty navigating this feature. No information and text stating "No results found." is displayed to remind users that there are no foods tbat fall into the selected requirements. | They do not know what to do once they view meals/food items or they find this feature unintuitive. |

# References
King County (2023). King County Food Insecurity Screening Community of Practice. Retrieved April 4, 2023, from https://kingcounty.gov/depts/health/heal/learning-network.aspx
 
United Nations (n.d.). Sustainable Development Goals - Goal 2: Zero Hunger. Retrieved April 4, 2023, from https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/hunger/

Commit message:

Update README.md with bugs

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Nourished Kings</h1>

<h2 align="center"><em>Bringing Nutrition to King County</em></h2>

<p align="center">Group 1: The Breakfast Club</p>

<h2>Our Mission</h2>

Our goal is to create an application that will guide food banks to use commonly found foods to create nutritional meals for low income individuals in King County.

This solution works specifically to address the United Nations 2nd Sustainable Development Goal: Zero Hunger. In 2020, more than 30% of the world’s population were either moderately or severely suffering from food insecurity (United Nations). With the COVID-19 pandemic, the rates of people undergoing hunger have been rising, but especially for children (United Nations). 

Throughout the first ten months of 2022, the number of King County families visiting food pantries and receiving assistance from Washington state’s Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) increased (King County). This trend suggests a rise in individuals from King County suffering from food insecurity. 

## Features
* Catalog of common products at food banks in King County categorized by macronutrients
* Dietary preference filters that can be applied to the catalog
* Micronutrient filters to sort foods and meals
* Nutrition facts and ingredient lists for meals
* Multi-media information sharing about food health and well-being


# GitHub Pages
The published site can be viewed here: https://uw-info442-sp23.github.io/breakfast-club/

## Group Members
* Aman Brar
* Travon Dao
* Cheryl Feng
* Yawen (Jenny) Guo
* Kenny Pham

# User Persona:
The two user personas we used when designing our product can be found [here](https://github.com/UW-INFO442-SP23/breakfast-club/blob/main/NourishedKingsPersonas.pdf).

# Development Instructions
## Testing Protocols
|  | Feature 1: Food List Filtering | Feature 2: Interactive Meal Cards |
|--|--|--|
| Requirement Specification | Three catalog sections are provided to filter food in the list. One section is the macronutrient categories including carbohydrates, protein, and fat. Another one is the dietary categories, including dairy-free, gluten-free, vegan, and vegetarian. The third one is food categories, including Produce, Grains, Eggs & Dairy, Meat, and Canned. None, one, more than one, all categories are allowed to select. Categories are allowed to select across sections. The food list will display the food cards reflecting the selected categories immediately. | Each meal card has a button “See Details” that can be clicked on to expand the popup. This expanded pop-up card would show the nutrition facts for the meal and a list of the ingredients used in the meal. Users should be able to retract the pop-up card by clicking an ‘X’ in the top left corner. |
| Testing Cases | No category is selected, One category in either section is selected, More than one category within one section is selected, More than one category across sections is selecte, All categories are selected | Locate certain meal cards without clicking it, Locate and click certain meal cards to view the information, Click “X” on an expanded meal card to retract |
| Expected Results | Able to filter foods and find the item they are looking for without difficulty | Can learn more about the meal/food items’ nutritional value without needing to be prompted |
| Expected Deficiency | The catalog page may take some time to load. The filtered result may take some time to generate.| N/A |
| Unexpected Results | They can’t find the items they are looking for or experience difficulty navigating this feature. No information and text stating "No results found." is displayed to remind users that there are no foods tbat fall into the selected requirements. | They do not know what to do once they view meals/food items or they find this feature unintuitive. |

# Bugs
A bug we have identified, but have not been able to resolve, is that when you navigate to a page, that is not the home page, and try to refresh your browser GitHub pages will yield a 404 saying "There isn't a GitHub Pages site here." 

# References
King County (2023). King County Food Insecurity Screening Community of Practice. Retrieved April 4, 2023, from https://kingcounty.gov/depts/health/heal/learning-network.aspx
 
United Nations (n.d.). Sustainable Development Goals - Goal 2: Zero Hunger. Retrieved April 4, 2023, from https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/hunger/
